1)npx eas login 
2)npx eas build --platform android --profile development
npx eas build --platform android --profile development --timeout 600000
3)npx eas build --platform ios --profile development



in android emulator how to install expo go app

ChatGPT
To install the Expo Go app on an Android emulator, you can follow these steps:

Start the Android Emulator:
Make sure your Android emulator is up and running.
 You can use Android Studio or any other emulator that you prefer.

Open the Emulator:
Launch the emulator by starting it from Android Studio or your emulator manager.

Access the Google Play Store:
In the Android emulator, 
locate and open the Google Play Store. 
You'll typically find it on the home screen or in the app drawer.

Sign In to Google Account (Optional):
If prompted, sign in with a Google account. 
This step might be necessary to access the Google Play Store.

Search for "Expo Go":
In the Google Play Store, use the search bar to look for 
"Expo Go." Type "Expo Go" and press Enter.

Select Expo Go:
Find the Expo Go app in the search results and select it.

Install Expo Go:
Click on the "Install" button to download 
and install Expo Go on the Android emulator.

Open Expo Go:
Once the installation is complete, you can open Expo Go directly 
from the Play Store or find it in the app drawer.

Scan QR Code or Enter Project URL:
Open Expo Go, and you will be 
prompted to scan a QR code or enter a project URL. 
You can do this when running npm start or expo start in your project directory.

If you are using npm start in your project directory, 
the Expo CLI will display a QR code in the terminal. 
Scan this QR code using Expo Go on the emulator.

If you are using expo start, a new tab or window will open in your default web browser, 
and you'll find a QR code there. Scan this QR code using Expo Go on the emulator.

After scanning the QR code, Expo Go should load 
and display your app on the Android emulator. 
You can now interact with and test your Expo app directly within the emulator.

Remember that for Expo Go to work properly, your development 
machine and the emulator should be on the same network. 
If you encounter any issues,
double-check your network settings and ensure 
that the development server is running (npm start or expo start).

